{
  "id": "ch_C06FA6A23_2019-03-11_1552371237.092000_conversation",
  "type": "channel",
  "channel_name": "discuss-engineering",
  "conversation_type": "conversation",
  "participants": [
    "dlluncor"
  ],
  "messages": [
    {
      "sender": "dlluncor",
      "user_id": "U3UA06MFD",
      "message": "Product Weekly coming up in 3 days! Who wants to do a 5 - 10 minute demo? I believe @Chetan has some SCAN_BOX work",
      "time": "23:13",
      "timestamp": "1552371237.092000",
      "is_reply": false
    },
    {
      "sender": "dlluncor",
      "user_id": "U3UA06MFD",
      "message": "i can think of some things that A&P might want to show re: Flow logging, font flag additions. Anybody have things that theyâ€™re itching to present? Will give that first dibs",
      "time": "23:15",
      "timestamp": "1552371309.092800",
      "is_reply": false
    }
  ],
  "metadata": {
    "channel_id": "C06FA6A23",
    "channel_name": "discuss-engineering",
    "date_file": "2019-03-11.json",
    "message_count": 2,
    "start_time": "1552371237.092000",
    "end_time": "1552371309.092800",
    "is_thread": false
  }
}