{
  "id": "ch_C0976HB6ZPT_2025-07-21_1753125384.730149_conversation",
  "type": "channel",
  "channel_name": "proj-agent-mode",
  "conversation_type": "conversation",
  "participants": [
    "margaret.tomaszczuk",
    "Serena"
  ],
  "messages": [
    {
      "sender": "margaret.tomaszczuk",
      "user_id": "U07NY7CAUSW",
      "message": "Hi!\n\nNext steps on productionization plan:\n• [Margaret] Draft external milestones + get feedback from GTM partners\n• [Anil to delegate] Finish design doc\n• [Anil/Serena] Clarify resourcing: Ayesha + Pauline + Vasu as potential participants\nWIP design doc (https://docs.google.com/document/d/1SCE0n4G-6Y6Lsk6hOpLzBojdGnmiTR4RCHdVbSaU7g8/edit?usp=sharing)",
      "time": "12:16",
      "timestamp": "1753125384.730149",
      "is_reply": false
    },
    {
      "sender": "Serena",
      "user_id": "U01CZ3LBFU4",
      "message": "do we have a EPD ticket for the productionization effort yet? can we add it to the \"Automate\" section for Q3 planning?",
      "time": "12:16",
      "timestamp": "1753125418.433409",
      "is_reply": false
    },
    {
      "sender": "margaret.tomaszczuk",
      "user_id": "U07NY7CAUSW",
      "message": "@Anil thoughts on setting up a separate slack proj channel for this? I'm happy to do it. And also prob want a meeting cadence once we clarify resources.",
      "time": "12:17",
      "timestamp": "1753125424.856179",
      "is_reply": false
    },
    {
      "sender": "margaret.tomaszczuk",
      "user_id": "U07NY7CAUSW",
      "message": "I can take that @Serena!",
      "time": "12:17",
      "timestamp": "1753125428.466989",
      "is_reply": false
    }
  ],
  "metadata": {
    "channel_id": "C0976HB6ZPT",
    "channel_name": "proj-agent-mode",
    "date_file": "2025-07-21.json",
    "message_count": 4,
    "start_time": "1753125384.730149",
    "end_time": "1753125428.466989",
    "is_thread": false
  }
}