{
  "id": "ch_C06FA6A23_2019-11-04_1572909020.341600_conversation",
  "type": "channel",
  "channel_name": "discuss-engineering",
  "conversation_type": "conversation",
  "participants": [
    "Jesika Haria"
  ],
  "messages": [
    {
      "sender": "Jesika Haria",
      "user_id": "UCXUGKXEK",
      "message": "Release Weekly notes are here: https://instabase.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/IB/pages/29950279/2019-11-04+Release+Weekly+Meeting+notes\n\nAs a reminder here are the tasks from the release weekly:\n\n@Aaron Tami to coordinate Oct/Nov release retro\n@paul to find out if SC is ok with quarterly cadence\n@shaunak add tag for this release so we can track issues\n@Ashish to check with @Heymian\n@dlluncor@Ashish@shaunak@lydia Gu make sure your issues are moved out of the Oct release\n@john Yerhot to compile a list of all issues for Oct release (cc: @dlluncor )\n@dlluncor@shaunak@Ashish To present the Production Readiness checklist\n\n@Justin will be leading the next 3 release weeklys!",
      "time": "15:10",
      "timestamp": "1572909020.341600",
      "is_reply": false
    }
  ],
  "metadata": {
    "channel_id": "C06FA6A23",
    "channel_name": "discuss-engineering",
    "date_file": "2019-11-04.json",
    "message_count": 1,
    "start_time": "1572909020.341600",
    "end_time": "1572909020.341600",
    "is_thread": false
  }
}