{
  "id": "ch_C0976HB6ZPT_2025-08-01_1754065272.155359_thread",
  "type": "channel",
  "channel_name": "proj-agent-mode",
  "conversation_type": "thread",
  "participants": [
    "margaret.tomaszczuk",
    "pauline.comising",
    "Abhishek Adupa"
  ],
  "messages": [
    {
      "sender": "margaret.tomaszczuk",
      "user_id": "U07NY7CAUSW",
      "message": "Hey team, per Anant's feedback on not using Gemini Flash to describe this work, can we update label in checkmark in app to something like: \"Use DocAI run\" -- calling out diff Gemini model in the drop down should be ok.",
      "time": "09:21",
      "timestamp": "1754065272.155359",
      "is_reply": false
    },
    {
      "sender": "Abhishek Adupa",
      "user_id": "U03JYD51DM2",
      "message": "Thanks @margaret.tomaszczuk, will update it.",
      "time": "09:24",
      "timestamp": "1754065448.581519",
      "is_reply": true
    },
    {
      "sender": "margaret.tomaszczuk",
      "user_id": "U07NY7CAUSW",
      "message": "One semi-related question - when we pull this into build, where are we planning to put that setting for internal preview?",
      "time": "09:25",
      "timestamp": "1754065530.555749",
      "is_reply": true
    },
    {
      "sender": "Abhishek Adupa",
      "user_id": "U03JYD51DM2",
      "message": "I think weâ€™re still trying to figure that out. Let us know if you have any suggestions.\ncc @Weiming Wu, @pauline.comising @ayesha.ali",
      "time": "09:31",
      "timestamp": "1754065883.869889",
      "is_reply": true
    },
    {
      "sender": "margaret.tomaszczuk",
      "user_id": "U07NY7CAUSW",
      "message": "cool! yeah let me noodle on that today.",
      "time": "09:31",
      "timestamp": "1754065906.378069",
      "is_reply": true
    },
    {
      "sender": "Abhishek Adupa",
      "user_id": "U03JYD51DM2",
      "message": "For a new project we can have a checkbox here similar to app run",
      "time": "09:32",
      "timestamp": "1754065957.538259",
      "is_reply": true
    },
    {
      "sender": "pauline.comising",
      "user_id": "U03TWMC0T24",
      "message": "^ yep adding a toggle in a build project is our plan for gating the flash build work we've been doing. that's one of the first thing on FE's list",
      "time": "10:11",
      "timestamp": "1754068310.454359",
      "is_reply": true
    }
  ],
  "metadata": {
    "channel_id": "C0976HB6ZPT",
    "channel_name": "proj-agent-mode",
    "date_file": "2025-08-01.json",
    "message_count": 7,
    "start_time": "1754065272.155359",
    "end_time": "1754068310.454359",
    "is_thread": true
  }
}