{
  "id": "ch_C06FA6A23_2020-03-27_1585333855.057100_thread",
  "type": "channel",
  "channel_name": "discuss-engineering",
  "conversation_type": "thread",
  "participants": [
    "dlluncor",
    "Ted",
    "Andrey",
    "Matt"
  ],
  "messages": [
    {
      "sender": "Matt",
      "user_id": "UCW8RES8H",
      "message": "<!here>\nJust got off with Microsoft for my normal check-in so great news: So Microsoft is going to create a github repo for the services they give us as a way to put issues/questions etc. Plus we can upload samples for documents we want them to improve or show them errors we are seeing and so on. I think this is the best way for us to collaborate with a shared Github.\n\nMay will be the GA for their containers but because of COVID-19 they are having an entire update freeze for 2 weeks as the want to protect their in person data center employees in case things go haywire.\n\nThey are releasing Read API v3 in June on Azure Cloud the container will be released in October for the container version of it. (Will includes: Chinese, Spanish, French, German, Italian, Dutch, Portuguese).\n\n*Form Recognizer now has: Informed Understanding* - which is a new way that is slices documents up to specific documents and OCR’s different parts in different ways. Its not an entire document OCR but specific OCR functions and settings on specific parts of the document. - This will be in their Form Recognizer container soon. @Ted\n\n@dlluncor They asked how Translation services going, they basically expedited the release for us but have not heard anything back from us? What can we tell them or give them feedback.",
      "time": "11:30",
      "timestamp": "1585333855.057100",
      "is_reply": false
    },
    {
      "sender": "Ted",
      "user_id": "UAEM2MEGJ",
      "message": "@Matt thanks so much for working this relationship for us!\n\nFrom the conversations you've had with them so far, do you have an impression of how we might use Form Recognizer as either an input to some other algorithm we've got or as something we surface directly to customers? cc @Kerry @Andrey @Aaron Vontell",
      "time": "11:38",
      "timestamp": "1585334325.057700",
      "is_reply": true
    },
    {
      "sender": "Matt",
      "user_id": "UCW8RES8H",
      "message": "No idea, they asked us to play around with it. They mentioned in June they are adding checkbox supprot to it and I was like we have that already but we’d love to see how you approach the problem",
      "time": "11:51",
      "timestamp": "1585335086.057900",
      "is_reply": true
    },
    {
      "sender": "Matt",
      "user_id": "UCW8RES8H",
      "message": "If It makes sense @Ted I can have their Tech team have a deep dive with us on Form Recognizer if you are wanting that",
      "time": "11:51",
      "timestamp": "1585335107.058100",
      "is_reply": true
    },
    {
      "sender": "Andrey",
      "user_id": "UTDAKGB8U",
      "message": "That sounds good to me",
      "time": "11:52",
      "timestamp": "1585335138.058300",
      "is_reply": true
    },
    {
      "sender": "Ted",
      "user_id": "UAEM2MEGJ",
      "message": "Yeah would be nice to see everything they've got, for a host of reasons. (They're both a collaborator whose tech we can use, and a competitor whose tech it is risky to depend exclusively on)",
      "time": "11:59",
      "timestamp": "1585335561.058500",
      "is_reply": true
    },
    {
      "sender": "Matt",
      "user_id": "UCW8RES8H",
      "message": "Okay let me talk to their team and find time for an hour long walk through with their team on form recognizer",
      "time": "11:59",
      "timestamp": "1585335595.058700",
      "is_reply": true
    },
    {
      "sender": "Ted",
      "user_id": "UAEM2MEGJ",
      "message": ":thumbsup: thanks a ton!",
      "time": "12:06",
      "timestamp": "1585336019.058900",
      "is_reply": true
    },
    {
      "sender": "dlluncor",
      "user_id": "U3UA06MFD",
      "message": "Great stuff @Matt — I’m still working to get the integration so we have access on it. Will work on Tami to get this in, now that our big March release sprint was done.\n\nI’ll work better to manage the timeline, e.g., we just have had other projects that are ahead of this now based on SC’s usecases",
      "time": "13:19",
      "timestamp": "1585340343.059300",
      "is_reply": true
    },
    {
      "sender": "Matt",
      "user_id": "UCW8RES8H",
      "message": "Gotcha makes sense just want to give the group at microsoft an answer when they for feedback on the translation containers we asked them to expedite",
      "time": "13:24",
      "timestamp": "1585340668.059500",
      "is_reply": true
    },
    {
      "sender": "dlluncor",
      "user_id": "U3UA06MFD",
      "message": "absoultely — @Aaron Tami is working on the integration, and we’ll have the ability to test it out on dogfood come early next week. After that, we can send them an email to let them know how this first pass went",
      "time": "14:31",
      "timestamp": "1585344688.062200",
      "is_reply": true
    },
    {
      "sender": "Matt",
      "user_id": "UCW8RES8H",
      "message": "Sent an invite out for next Thursday with the Microsoft team on form recognizer please feel free to forward to anyone you would like to also participate but also lets make this a huge meeting.",
      "time": "16:51",
      "timestamp": "1585353109.064700",
      "is_reply": true
    }
  ],
  "metadata": {
    "channel_id": "C06FA6A23",
    "channel_name": "discuss-engineering",
    "date_file": "2020-03-27.json",
    "message_count": 12,
    "start_time": "1585333855.057100",
    "end_time": "1585353109.064700",
    "is_thread": true
  }
}